Content cleanup (#1204)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-global-namespace.md

A Global Namespace is a [Namespace](/concepts/what-is-a-namespace) that exists across Clusters when [Multi-Cluster Replication](/concepts/what-is-multi-cluster-replication) is set up.

- [How to register a Global Namespace](/tctl/namespace/register/#--global-namespace)
- [How to change the active Cluster for a Global Namespace](/tctl/namespace/update/#--active-cluster)

The Global Namespace feature enables Workflow Executions to progress through another Cluster in the event of a failover.

A Global Namespace may be replicated to any number of Clusters, but is active in only one Cluster at any given time.

For a failover to be successful, Worker Processes must be polling for Tasks for the Global Namespace on all Clusters.

> Global Namespaces have a failover version.

Reviewer: Should this sentence be entirely singular instead? "A Global Namespace has a failover version."

> Global Namespaces have a failover version.

Author: ```suggestion
A Global Namespace has a failover version.
```

> Since a failover can be triggered from any Cluster, the failover version prevents certain conflicts from occurring should a failover be mistakenly triggered simultaneously on two Clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because a failover can be triggered from any Cluster, the failover version prevents certain conflicts from occurring if a failover is mistakenly triggered simultaneously on two Clusters.
```

> Only the active Cluster dispatches [Tasks](/concepts/what-is-a-task), however certain conflicts are possible.
> Unlike regular Namespaces which provide at-most-once semantics for an Activity Execution, Global Namespaces can only support at-least-once semantics (see [Conflict resolution](/concepts/what-is-multi-cluster-replication/#conflict-resolution)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the active Cluster dispatches [Tasks](/concepts/what-is-a-task); however, certain conflicts are possible.
Unlike regular Namespaces, which provide at-most-once semantics for an Activity Execution, Global Namespaces can support only at-least-once semantics (see [Conflict resolution](/concepts/what-is-multi-cluster-replication/#conflict-resolution)).
```
